Seconds before Earth is demolished to make way for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is plucked off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy who, for the last fifteen years, has been posing as an out-of-work actor.
Together, this dynamic pair began a journey through space aided by a galaxyful of fellow travelers: Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two-headed, three-armed, ex-hippie and totally out-to-lunch president of the galaxy; Trillian (formerly Tricia McMillan), Zaphod's girlfriend, whom Arthur tried to pick up at a cocktail party once upon a time zone; Marvin, a paranoid, brilliant, and chronically depressed robot; and Veet Voojagig, a former graduate student obsessed with the disappearance of all the ballpoint pens he's bought over the years.
Where are these pens? Why are we born? Why do we die? For all the answers, stick your thumb to the stars!
Summer holiday is coming.I am going to do many things that I want to do. For exampie,first I will jion a soccer club,because I like playing soccer.During the summer holiday, I want to practice more to improve my skills.Second I will go to my grandma's house,because I miss her very much.I want to stay with her for several days.Last I will help my mother do some housework. She was really tired when I was go to school. Except for taking care of me, she also has to work. Therefore, I want to help her in the holidays.What will you do on Summer Holiday?
When I do well in the exam, I will show my paper to my parents, they are so happy to see me do well in the exam. I want to be happy all the time. But I have put so much pressure on myself. One day, my parents tell me that they don’t care how I do well in the exam, they just want me to be happy. I know I should relax myself and be happy.
A Hole in the Fence
In a small village, a little boy lived with his father and mother. He was the only son for them. The parents of the little boy were very depressed due to his bad temper. The boy used to get angry very soon and taunt others with his words. His bad temper made him fall for angry words. He scolded kids, neighbours and even his friends due to anger. He invited all worries for his parents through the verbal usage. While he forgot what he spoke in anger, his friends and neighbours avoided him.
His mother and father consoled him in many ways to give up his anger and develop kindness. Unfortunately, all their attempts failed. Finally, the boy’s father came up with an idea.
One day, his father gave him a huge bag of nails. He asked his son to hammer one nail to the fence every time he became angry and to lose his temper. The little boy found it hilarious and accepted to do what his father said.
The nails drove him to hammer in the fence for 30 times on the first day! Every time he lost his temper, he ran to the fence and hammered a nail. In the next few days, the number of nails hammered on the fence was reduced to half. The little boy found it very difficult to hammer the nails and decided to control his temper.
Gradually, the number of nails hammered to the fence was reduced and the day arrived when no nail was hammered! Yet, the boy did not lose his temper. He told his father that it was several days that he did not hammer any nail and he did not lose his temper!
Now, his father told him to remove the nails every day as he had controlled his anger. Several days passed and the boy was able to pull out most of the nails from the fence. However, there remained a few nails that the boy could not pull out.
The boy told his father about the same.  The father appreciated him and asked him pointing to the hole, ‘What do you see there?’
The boy replied, ‘a hole in the fence!’
He told the boy, “The nails were your bad temper and they were hammered on people. You can remove the nails but still see the holes in the fence. Again, you cannot pull out a few nails. The fence never look the same! It has scars all over! You can stab a man with a knife, but the wound will remain there forever. Your bad temper and anger were like that! Words are more painful than physical abuse! Use words for good. Use them to embrace the relationships. Use them to show your heart!”
A Merchant and his Donkey
Short Stories - A Merchant and his DonkeyOne beautiful spring morning, a merchant loaded his donkey with bags of salt to go to the market in order to sell them. The merchant and his donkey were walking along together. They had not walked far when they reached a river on the road.
Unfortunately, the donkey slipped and fell into the river and noticed that the bags of salt loaded on his back became lighter.
There was nothing the merchant could do, except return home where he loaded his donkey with more bags of salt
. As they reached the slippery riverbank, now deliberately, the donkey fell into the river and wasted all the bags of salt on its back again.
The merchant quickly discovered the donkey’s trick. He then returned home again but re-loaded his donkey with bags of sponges.
The foolish, tricky donkey again set on its way. On reaching the river he again fell into the water. But instead of the load becoming lighter, it became heavier.
Cocoon and the Butterfly
Many of us know that a beautiful and colourful butterfly comes from an unappealing worm! Here is the story of a butterfly that was never able to live a life like a butterfly!
One day, a man saw a cocoon. He loved butterflies and had a craze for its wonderful combination of colours. In fact, he used to spend a lot of time around butterflies. He knew how a butterfly would struggle to transform from an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful one.
He saw a cocoon with tiny opening. It meant that the butterfly was trying to make its way to enjoy its world. He decided to sit over and watch how the butterfly would come out of the cocoon. He was watching the butterfly struggling to break the shell for several hours. He spent almost more than 10 hours with the cocoon and the butterfly. The butterfly had been struggling very hard for hours to come out through the tiny opening. Unfortunately, even after continuous attempts for several hours, there was no progress. It seemed that the butterfly tried its best and could not give any more try.
The man, who had a passion and love for butterflies decided to help the butterfly. He got a pair of scissors and tweaked the cocoon to make larger opening for the butterfly and removed the remaining cocoon. The butterfly emerged without any struggle!
Unfortunately, the butterfly looked no longer beautiful and had a swollen body with small and withered wings.
The man was happy that he made the butterfly come out of the cocoon without any more struggles. He continued to watch the butterfly and he was quite eager to watch the butterfly fly with its beautiful wings.
He thought that at any time, the butterfly might expand the wings, shrink the body and the wings could support the body.  Unfortunately, neither the wings expanded or enlarged nor the swollen body reduced.
Unfortunately, the butterfly just crawled around with withered wings and huge body. It was never able to fly all through its life.
Although the man did it with good intention, only going through the struggles the butterfly would have emerged like any other beautiful butterflies! The continuous effort from the butterfly to come out of its cocoon would let the fluid stored in the body convert into wings. Thus, the body would become lighter and smaller and the wings would be beautiful and large.
If we don’t want to undergo any struggle, we won’t be able to fly!
Christmas Surprise
It was two days before Christmas. Harry, Cornelius, Monty and I were busy building a snowma
n when Fritz appeared with his little niece Emily and introduced her.
“Emily is from the South and has never seen snow before,” Fritz told us. “She doesn’t know much about our winters.”
It turned out Emily also didn’t know much about Christmas.”Who is Santa Claus, Waldo?” she asked me, shivering in the cold air.
“Santa Claus,” I explained, “brings presents and toys to human children at Christmas time.”
“Does he also bring presents to animal children?” Emily asked.
Short Stories - Christmas Surprise_Pic2“Well,” I said, “he hasn’t been around this part of the forest for many years. I guess he is too busy visiting all the human children to have much time left for animals.”
“Do you think he will come if I write to him?” Emily asked.
“I don’t think so,” said Monty. “I’ve never seen him, myself.”
“Neither have I,” Harry added, shaking his head.
“You see. Santa Claus is only for human children,” Fritz said to Emily. “So forget about the whole idea. Let’s go home now before you catch a cold.”
Change Yourself and not The World
Long ago, people happily lived under the rule of a king. The people of the kingdom were very happy as they had a very prosperous life with abundance of wealth and no misfortunes.
The king decided to go on a travel to visit places of historical importance and pilgrim centres at distant places. He decided to travel by foot to interact with his people and accompany them. People of distant places were so happy to have a conversation with their king and they were proud that their king was so kind with a good heart!
After several weeks, he returned to the palace. He was quite happy that he visited many pilgrim centres and could see his fellow people leading a propitious life. However, he had regret.
He had intolerable pain in his feet as it was his first trip by foot to longer distance. He complained to his ministers that the roads weren’t comfortable and were very stony. He could not tolerate the pain as he walked all the way through the rough path.
He said he was very much worried about the people who used to walk along those roads as it would be painful for them too!
He made an order to cover the road of the whole country with leather so that people might feel comfortable, immediately.
The king thought that he had to change this for the betterment and happiness of the people.
His ministers were stunned to hear his order as it would destroy the life of thousands of cows to get the sufficient quantity of leather and it would cost a huge amount of money also.
A wise man from the ministry came to the king and said that he had another idea.
The king asked - what was his alternative idea. The minister told, ‘Why do you want to kill the holy animal cow to cover the road with leather? Rather, you can just have a piece of leather cut in appropriate shape to cover your feet?’
The king was very much surprised by his suggestion
and applauded the minister. He ordered for a pair of leather shoes for him and requested the countrymen to wear shoes. Fools
It was a cold and silent night. The weather was freezing. A group of monkeys were on a tree. They were clinging to its branches. One of the monkeys said, “I wish we could find some fire. It will help us to keep warm”.
Suddenly they noticed a flock of fireflies. One of the young monkeys thought it was fire.
He caught a firefly. He put it under a dry leaf and started blowing at it.
Some other monkeys also joined in his effort.
A sparrow came flying to its nest. The monkeys were sitting on the same tree. She noticed what they were doing. The sparrow laughed. She said, “Hey silly monkeys that is a firefly, not real fire”.
The sparrow continued: “I think all of you should take shelter in a cave”. The monkeys did not listen to the sparrow. They continued to blow at our poor firefly.
After some time the monkeys became very tired. Now they realized what the sparrow had said was correct.
They set free the firefly and moved to a nearby cave.
The Hungry Fox who got Caught in the Tree Trunk
Once upon a time, there was a hungry fox that was looking for something to eat. He was very hungry. No matter how hard he tried, the fox could not find food. Finally he went to the edge of the forest and searched there for food. Suddenly he caught sight of a big tree with a hole in it.
Inside the hole was a package. The hungry fox immediately thought that there might be food in it, and he became very happy. He jumped into the hole and when he opened the package, he saw there were a lot of food, bread, meat and fruit in it!
An old woodcutter had placed the food in the tree trunk while he cut down trees in the forest. He was going to eat it for his lunch.
The fox happily began to eat. After the fox had finished eating, he felt thirsty and decided to leave the trunk and drink some water from a nearby spring. However, no matter how hard he tried, he could not get out of the hole. Do you know why? Yes, the fox had eaten so much food that he became too big to fit through the hole.
The fox was very sad and upset. He told himself, “I wish that I had thought a little before jumping into the hole.”
Computers and Modern Life
The computer is a wonderful machine. Today it is used a great deal. There is a drastic increase of the hours that people spend on computers per week, ranging from about 1.5 hours to about 19 hours. The number climbs more than ten times up, indicating computers are playing a more and more important role in modern life.
What has led to this phenomenon? As far as I know, it involves several reasons. With the rapid progressing of the society, computers are now widely applied in almost every field of our life. Meanwhile, thanks to the decline of cost and the fierce market competition, the price has been marked down over and over again so that many people can afford their own personal computers.
The computer has brought a lot of benefits to us. It makes us do things more quickly. Further more, it gives us insights into other cultures and keeps our minds open to better ways of seeing things. Computers largely broaden our vision.
How to Be a Successful English Learner
Almost all the students need English and they need it for different purposes. Some students need it to read English textbooks or jonrnals and attend English lectures, while some students need to use it to talk to English-speakers, attend seminars, write letters, etc.
Students should have some ideal qualities to succeed in English learning. It requires much time, commitment and discipline to learn English well. In order to improve the ability of English reading comprehension, one should get access to a lot of reading materials, which can also help accumulate and enlarge your vocabulary. Don't feel embarrassed when making some embarrassing mistakes.
In short, the most essential quality for successful English learning is perseverance in face of hardship. Don't be intimidated even though you find others speaking English better than you. Participate in all oral activities. The more you speak, the better your spoken English will be. Nothing in the world is difficult for one who sets his mind on it.
Views on Generation Gap
Generation gap exists in our daily life, whether you admit it or not. When it comes to the problem of generation gap, people's ideas are not cut from the same cloth. Parents may not be in favor of their children's hairstyle and weird clothes. Young people either turn a deaf ear to the elders' experience-based advice or set themselves against what the elders have been proud of.
People have different opinions on the reasons why generation gap comes into being. Some think that maybe the old generation is too conservative to accept anything new. Their voices are not taken into account. These different ideas disturb both of them. Most of the things that young generation is keen on are disgusting to them.
Both generations should be responsible for solving the problem. As long as both sides keep their minds open to each other's outlooks on the world, the gap between them will be narrowed down in time. Both sides should talk over their problems with each other actively, sincerely and frankly.
Who Influences Young Adults Most
Countless factors may influence a person's growth. There are two apparent factors which affect a person's growth. One is family, and the other is friends.
After one was born, the first surroundings is the family in which he will grow up. Parents are children's first teachers, so family does play an important role in shaping children's character. As parents, they should learn to understand their children and keep the lines of communications with them open, at the same time they must keep in mind that different things appeal to different generations. Those who grow up in happy families tend to have many pleasant characters. If we say that families offer the environment of living, friends make another important part in shaping children's personality. Friends are the connections between children and the society, so by contacting with friends one can get into the society and become sociable.
In a word, families offer children warmth, care and shelter, while friends give them strength and courage. They both help children to understand the world as it is, so they are the dearest parts in one's life.
Family Life in China
The members in a Chinese family are respectively more than in other countries' family. In China, children live with their parents even after they get married. So a household consisting of three generations is common.
Chinese families are hospitable. The family gathers together to celebrate holidays and entertain friends. The household is always friendly, welcoming, and generous to visitors who can drop in on friends and relatives without previous invitation.
Chinese families are proud of their harmony and unity. Each member of the family contributes to household duties, including the children. Chinese families tend to socialize together, with several generations gathering around the television in the evening.
The Importance of Humanism
Humanism is a system of beliefs that focuses on common human needs and seeks rational ways of solving human problems.
There are many examples that demonstrate humanism. The spirit of humanism is apparent in the story of "The Right Son at the Right Time". The soldier extended a helping hand to the old man in time of need. The young man's actions were the example of humanistic behavior. In the event of a life-threatening emergency, humanism can be as important as actual medical treatment.
In the civilized world humanism plays an important role in the maintenance of our society. Humanism calls for us to pay closer attention to our fellows. Occasional examples of human goodness can remind us of the meaning of humanism. If we treat our fellows with respect and tolerance, many things may turn out for the better. Humanism makes the world a more beautiful place to live in.








































